Align CLI logic to be compliant with the stable registry module protocol (#901)
opentofu/opentofu: website/docs/internals/module-registry-protocol.mdx

### Sample Request

```text
$ curl -i 'https://registry.example.io/v1/modules/foo/bar/baz/0.0.1/download'
```

### Sample Response

A successful response contains the location from which the module version's source can be downloaded.

It is expected to be found in the JSON encoded body as the value for the key `location`:

```text
HTTP/2 200
Content-Length: 81

> {"location": "git::https://github.com/foo/terraform-baz-bar?ref=v0.0.1"}

Author: See the response [here](https://github.com/opentofu/opentofu/pull/901#discussion_r1400907935).

```

In the absence of a response body, OpenTofu will use the `X-Terraform-Get` header as the module location:

```text
HTTP/2 204 No Content
Content-Length: 0

> X-Terraform-Get: git::https://github.com/foo/terraform-baz-bar?ref=v0.0.1

Author: Thanks for the question. Yes, it is intentional. 

For example, you can call the registry:

```commandline
curl -i 'https://registry.opentofu.org/v1/modules/hashicorp/consul/aws/0.0.1/download'
```

to receive an output like:

```commandline
HTTP/2 204 
date: Tue, 21 Nov 2023 17:01:20 GMT
x-terraform-get: git::https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-aws-consul?ref=v0.0.1
<aws-headers-are-removed>
```

> X-Terraform-Get: git::https://github.com/foo/terraform-baz-bar?ref=v0.0.1

Author: You can also check this [test case](https://github.com/opentofu/opentofu/blob/b2acc5c1bf89b0ec18f1e79c8a2b1a900efc0d57/internal/addrs/module_source_test.go#L160-L166) as an illustration of how such address will be prepared to be used to fetch the module from the storage (GitHub). 

The whole execution path involving the URI:
1. Call the registry to obtain the location of the module's version: [internal/initwd/module_install.go:583](https://github.com/opentofu/opentofu/blob/b2acc5c1bf89b0ec18f1e79c8a2b1a900efc0d57/internal/initwd/module_install.go#L583)
2. Parse the address: [internal/initwd/module_install.go:593](https://github.com/opentofu/opentofu/blob/b2acc5c1bf89b0ec18f1e79c8a2b1a900efc0d57/internal/initwd/module_install.go#L593)
3. Fetch the module and store to the installation path: [internal/initwd/module_install.go:623](https://github.com/opentofu/opentofu/blob/b2acc5c1bf89b0ec18f1e79c8a2b1a900efc0d57/internal/initwd/module_install.go#L623)

> X-Terraform-Get: git::https://github.com/foo/terraform-baz-bar?ref=v0.0.1

Reviewer: Thanks, I just wanted to make sure, it looked weird.

```

:::warning

> OpenTofu will read the response body content if both, the body and the `X-Terraform-Get` header, are received from the registry server.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
OpenTofu will prioritize reading the response body content if both, the body and the `X-Terraform-Get` header, are received from the registry server.
```

Author: Thank you! Implemented.
